## written by FancyAction, but i approve, signed Alexever17

# Team Goals

### 1. Standups on Monday and Friday afternoon (we'll wing the timing until we figure out a good time for everyone). Time to say what you are working on, if anything is holding you back and what you plan to tackle next. We'll use Discord if requested.
### 2. I expect a minimum of 10 hours a week from everyone. If some weeks you can't hit that, that's fine. If you want to go beast mode with 30+ that's great but don't expect the same of others and get mad about it.
### 3. Tasks are on a volunteer basis. If a task interests you, assign yourself the task on Waffle. Let me know if there are certain areas you'd like to focus on, and I'll make sure you can focus on that. I want everyone working on things they enjoy. For some, that may be the physics of enemy attacks and the ball. For others, that may be designing the menu systems for the game. You may be surprised that often the thing you hate doing is a thing another loves (CSS, anyone?)
### 4. At any point, if you are upset over how things are going, how you were treated (by me or another member) or feel your opinion isn't being heard, let me know. I want to make sure everyone is having an excellent time while learning and building. I also am overwhelmed and may not be aware when I screw up or when something goes wrong, so just be direct about it. You won't hurt my feelings and I appreciate criticism as long as it's productive (I know about my big nose STOP IT!). I prefer you contact me via DM but I'll be transparent with others. I am always open to criticism like, "Holy crap! You just wrote so much. You really expect us to read that." Just be constructive, not like "You'd be better if you were cool like Chance. What a loser. God. I hate this project. This loser project that doesn't have cool people like Chance."